README.md, before:

# Project Description 
This project is an application that is going to suggest Wesleyan resources based on a keyword/words a user enters. It'll have a database to store all the available Wesleyan resources, requests from people, and the effectiveness of each resource in solving students' problems. Not only it is used for generating more information on resources, but also to keep track of resources that are highly in demand, resources students are in need of but aren't yet provided by Wesleyan, and even resources that aren't fully serving the purpose they are dedicated to. Additionally, users can also update the database for resources by adding resources themselves. 

 # Stakeholders & Users 

 Stakeholders
- Software Engineers - Romani, Melat, Professor Roberts 
- Wesleyan University
- Resources provided by all members of Wesleyan University

 Users
- Wesleyan University 
- Resource providers (only members of Wesleyan University)
- Resource users (to both members and non-members of Wesleyan University)

Commit message:

I've added our list of proposed features. Please take a look and make sure everything is included.

README.md, after:

# Project Description 
This project is an application that is going to suggest Wesleyan resources based on a keyword/words a user enters. It'll have a database to store all the available Wesleyan resources, requests from people, and the effectiveness of each resource in solving students' problems. Not only it is used for generating more information on resources, but also to keep track of resources that are highly in demand, resources students are in need of but aren't yet provided by Wesleyan, and even resources that aren't fully serving the purpose they are dedicated to. Additionally, users can also update the database for resources by adding resources themselves. 

# List of Proposed Features 
1. A login button to authenticate user is a wesleyan member
2. A main page with the following features:
    i. A search bar to enter keywords (for the user)
    ii. A pop-up of all the resources generated from the search   
    iv. a hamburger icon on the side with options to "Logout", view "Terms of Conditions", and "Add Resources"
   
 # Stakeholders & Users 

 Stakeholders
- Software Engineers - Romani, Melat, Professor Roberts 
- Wesleyan University
- Resources provided by all members of Wesleyan University

 Users
- Wesleyan University 
- Resource providers (only members of Wesleyan University)
- Resource users (to both members and non-members of Wesleyan University)
